So we did a lot inside of this course.
We worked with a variety of AWS services and tools,
including SES, the Simple Email Service, DynamoDB, and the AWS API Gateway.
Now, all of this, of course,
is on top of using AWS Lambda and things like CloudWatch to trigger AWS
Lambda. From there, we learned about how we use the Boto 3 SDK inside of
the AWS Lambda runtime. Learning these core skills helped us to build a
variety of different projects,
from a Lambda canary to Sparrow for our Twitter bot to Cuckoo for our
alerting notification system, and to our Users API where we learned how to
create an entire HTTP API with the Serverless Framework.
So what might be next for us?
Well,
you could take my course on the Serverless Framework here on
Pluralsight, and you could learn more about how you could
develop with Node.js instead of Python.
You could also try using more AWS services in combination with AWS Lambda.
There's a lot more to learn, and I want to wish you the best of luck on your
journey and say thank you for taking this course.
Feel free to get in touch with me on Twitter or ask me more
about this course in the comments section.
I'd be happy to answer any questions you have about the course and
resolve any issues that you might experience. Thanks, and I hope to see you in another course soon.